docs: google contacts (#419)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/erpnext_integration/google_contacts.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Google Contacts Integration

ERPNext provides an integration with Google Contacts in order for all users to synchronize their Google Contacts with ERPNext.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following should be noted when creating new contacts in ERPNext from Google Contacts:
- All the contacts present in Google Contacts will be synchronized to ERPNext.
- If any of the Google Contacts has multiple Email IDs associated with it, new ERPNext contacts will be created each Email ID.
```

## How to set up Google Contacts Integration

In order to allow a synchronization with Google Contacts, you need to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google. Google Contacts Integration is set up with the following steps:

1. Create a new project on Google Cloud Platform and generate new OAuth 2.0 credentials.

> <img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_project_creation.gif">

Reviewer: indent the images with tabs, else bullet breaks

Author: Don't want a bullet point for images, images are aligned with its description

- Enable Google People API Access in API Library.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/api.gif">
- Add `https://{yoursite}` to Authorized JavaScript origins.
- Add `https://{yoursite}?cmd=frappe.integrations.doctype.google_contacts.google_contacts.google_callback` as an authorized redirect URI.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_oauth.gif">
- Add your Client ID and Client Secret in the Google Settings in **Home > Integrations > Google Services > Google Settings**

> - In the Google Contacts list, click on New. Enter the Google Account Email you want to sync and then save it. Now click on `Authorize Contacts Access` to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Google Contacts list, click on New. Enter the Google Account Email you want to sync and then save it. Now click on **Authorize Contacts Access** to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google.
```

1. Create a new project on Google Cloud Platform and generate new OAuth 2.0 credentials.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_project_creation.gif">
2. Add `https://{yoursite}` to Authorized JavaScript origins.
3. Add `https://{yoursite}?cmd=frappe.integrations.doctype.google_contacts.google_contacts.google_callback` as an authorized redirect URI.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_oauth.gif">
4. Add your Client ID and Client Secret in the Google Settings in **Home > Integrations > Google Services > Google Settings**
5. In the Google Contacts list, click on New. Enter the Google Account Email you want to sync and then save it. Now click on `Authorize Contacts Access` to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google.
6. Once Authorized, you can manually sync Google Contacts or let ERPNext sync Google Contacts daily.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_sync.gif">

> The following should be noted when creating new contacts in ERPNext from Google Contacts:

Reviewer: move this to the top just below the first sentence

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Google Contacts Integration

> ERPNext provides an integration with Google Contacts in order for all users to synchronize their Contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERPNext provides an integration with Google Contacts in order for all users to synchronize their Google Contacts with ERPNext.
```

> ## Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to set up Google Contacts Integration
```

> In order to allow a synchronization with Google Contacts you need to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google. Google Contacts Integration is set up in the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to allow a synchronization with Google Contacts, you need to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google. Google Contacts Integration is set up with the following steps:
```

1. Create a new project on Google Cloud Platform and generate new OAuth 2.0 credentials.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_project_creation.gif">
2. Add `https://{yoursite}` to Authorized JavaScript origins.
3. Add `https://{yoursite}?cmd=frappe.integrations.doctype.google_contacts.google_contacts.google_callback` as an authorized redirect URI.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_oauth.gif">

> 4. Add your Client ID and Client Secret in the Google Settings in `Modules > Integrations > Google Settings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add your Client ID and Client Secret in the Google Settings in **Home > Integrations > Google Services > Google Settings**
```

> 5. Create a new Google Contacts, enter the Google Account Email you want to sync and then save it. Now click on `Authorize Contacts Access` to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the Google Contacts list, click on New. Enter the Google Account Email you want to sync and then save it. Now click on `Authorize Contacts Access` to authorize ERPNext to get Contacts data from Google.
```

6. Once Authorized, you can manually sync Google Contacts or let ERPNext sync Google Contacts daily.
<img class="screenshot" src="/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/google_contacts_sync.gif">

> ## Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Creation of a Contacts in ERPNext from Google Contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following should be noted when creating new contacts in ERPNext from Google Contacts:
```

> 1. Creation of a Contacts in ERPNext from Google Contacts

Reviewer: move these three lines to the top, just below the first sentence

> 	- All the Contacts present in Google Contacts will be synchronised in ERPNext Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the contacts present in Google Contacts will be synchronised to ERPNext.
```

> 	- If any of the Google Contact have multiple Email Ids associated with them, new Contact will be created in ERPNext for each Email Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If any of the Google Contacts has multiple Email IDs associated with it, new ERPNext contacts will be created each Email ID.
```
